A pokemon can learn specific moves. Find those moves and randomly pick them up to four.
Find moves between level 1 and the current level and add those to the pokemons move list.
If there is less than 4 moves then don't add a new one. And don't add repeats






There are a few things I want you to do Logan, please check these off as you go.
1) This one isn't imperative and it honestly won't make that much of a difference, so feel free to do this one last
or just not do it at all. In the pokemon folder under learnable moves, get rid of every column except level and move name
Please work on others first to be honest.
2) Categorize every move in MoveList.csv as either attack or status. We will use this for determining how to deal
    with these moves in battle.
3) Create a class that deals with every status. For design purposes lets just create two classes. One for special statuses
such as paralysis, poison, etc. Then create another class that deals with stat changing effects such as lowers defense.
You might need to look into how these effects work in game, but I will leave this to you.

Just a heads up that while you are doing this, I will be working on calculating pokemons stats including evs, ivs, and
just stats at certain levels. I will also be implementing Pokemon moves. A pokemon will get random moves of its level
up to four. Hopefully after this we will have a complete battle system barring items and the ability to switch pokemon.
Which leads me to my next task

When we have finished the fighting system, we can move on to implementing 3 things: Inventory, Pokemon Switching, and
a transition screen between moves and the fight screen. I feel like the best task will be to implement Pokemon Switching
However, I will write an outline for each option.

This will teach you csv manipulation and javafx
Pokemon Switching: In order to be able to switch pokemon, we first need to have more than one pokemon.
Yet, how can we have more than one pokemon? Assuming we catch a pokemon, we need to be able to remember that we
have this pokemon? A potential solution could include storing pokemon's data in a csv file. We would need to store
everything that makes this pokemon a player pokemon. This would include everything from, Name, type, to more variable
statistics such as move list, ivs, evs, etc.

This will teach you javafx
Transition Screen: This is more simplistic, but it has more work with javafx and screen manipulation.
This will mostly include creating panes and adding text to the screen.

This will teach you image manipulation, csv manipulation, javafx, web parsing
Inventory: This is by far the hardest part besides battle. It will consist of almost everything that makes up battling
This includes web parsing to find a list of all the items. We will also need to find images for said items.
